
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.325997                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                325997029647                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               325997029647                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 213971                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   326368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57759424                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8765264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5644.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1207665125                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1842037316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst         86464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data       1605504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1691968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst        86464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         86464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst           1351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data          25086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               26437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst           265229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data          4924904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               5190133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst       265229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           265229                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst          265229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data         4924904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              5190133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       26437                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     26437                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1691968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1691968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  325996883127                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 26437                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   25801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    684.463158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   510.015762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   353.454678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          310     12.55%     12.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          190      7.69%     20.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          108      4.37%     24.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      4.05%     28.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      2.59%     31.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          269     10.89%     42.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          523     21.17%     63.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      2.59%     65.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          842     34.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    422478992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               918172742                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  132185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15980.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34730.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         5.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      5.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23956                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   12331084.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8889300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4694415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                94497900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         367554720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            221597760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13262400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1656187440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110030880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      77191098750                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            79667880555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            244.382228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         325476363670                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13395972                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     155666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 321557856928                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    286541477                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     351468110                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3632101160                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8825040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4679235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                94262280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         441926160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            235125000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             18058080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1799694060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       226987680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      77053368375                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            79883071140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            245.042328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         325434061752                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23872737                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     187366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 320896237317                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    591101296                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     351662860                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3946789437                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.branchPred.lookups             107103072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.condPredicted       107103072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu00.branchPred.condIncorrect         2715677                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBLookups           86338457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu00.branchPred.BTBHitPct            0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu00.branchPred.usedRAS               9498886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu00.branchPred.RASInCorrect           354090                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu00.branchPred.indirectLookups      86338457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu00.branchPred.indirectHits         54080972                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu00.branchPred.indirectMisses       32257485                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu00.branchPredindirectMispredicted      1410950                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                      978970060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.fetch.icacheStallCycles        458981342                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu00.fetch.Insts                   1292065420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu00.fetch.Branches                 107103072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu00.fetch.predictedBranches         63579858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu00.fetch.Cycles                   516995940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu00.fetch.SquashCycles               5462387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu00.fetch.MiscStallCycles                503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3901                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu00.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu00.fetch.CacheLines               153039169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu00.fetch.IcacheSquashes             1303517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::samples        978712895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::mean            2.026830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::stdev           3.215839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::0              656871168     67.12%     67.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::1               19920694      2.04%     69.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::2               22802854      2.33%     71.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::3               25767849      2.63%     74.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::4               18345313      1.87%     75.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::5               18384587      1.88%     77.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::6               21685105      2.22%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::7               14042702      1.43%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::8              180892623     18.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::max_value              8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.rateDist::total          978712895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu00.fetch.branchRate                0.109404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.fetch.rate                      1.319821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu00.decode.IdleCycles              394425279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu00.decode.BlockedCycles           270809490                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu00.decode.RunCycles               296866889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu00.decode.UnblockCycles            13880044                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu00.decode.SquashCycles              2731193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu00.decode.DecodedInsts           1966804301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu00.rename.SquashCycles              2731193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu00.rename.IdleCycles              407620145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu00.rename.BlockCycles              62789544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu00.rename.serializeStallCycles         4377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu00.rename.RunCycles               296972362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu00.rename.UnblockCycles           208595274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedInsts           1955268568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu00.rename.ROBFullEvents               82477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu00.rename.IQFullEvents             30400920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu00.rename.LQFullEvents            171190419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu00.rename.SQFullEvents               992341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu00.rename.RenamedOperands        2095023417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu00.rename.RenameLookups          4554207675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu00.rename.int_rename_lookups     2002150828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1408419347                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu00.rename.CommittedMaps          1981734667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu00.rename.UndoneMaps              113288750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu00.rename.serializingInsts             1559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu00.rename.skidInsts               137499827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedLoads          363506846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.insertedStores          88002745                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        43958776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu00.memDep0.conflictingStores        8241668                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsAdded               1940439814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              2017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu00.iq.iqInstsIssued              1908398196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          136499                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      98404515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    127687717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1964                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    978712895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean       1.949906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev      1.995606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0         314324229     32.12%     32.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         184558066     18.86%     50.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2         158490354     16.19%     67.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         114515378     11.70%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          84506457      8.63%     87.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          51696654      5.28%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          38972423      3.98%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          20225020      2.07%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          11424314      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     978712895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               3572257     45.14%     45.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0      0.00%     45.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     45.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             1107377     13.99%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     59.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemRead              2928310     37.00%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               11548      0.15%     96.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          293942      3.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             47      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         1089134      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu           999455487     52.37%     52.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 75      0.00%     52.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  28      0.00%     52.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         458601663     24.03%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          209997885     11.00%     87.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          53515383      2.80%     90.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     152924020      8.01%     98.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite     32814521      1.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.FU_type_0::total           1908398196                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu00.iq.rate                         1.949394                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_cnt                   7913481                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu00.iq.fu_busy_rate                 0.004147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       3140836869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1156007398                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1073395524                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        1662722398                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        882855485                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    822427682                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu00.iq.int_alu_accesses           1082788907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             832433636                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       48905477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     15825939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        16909                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17321                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3350191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      4666834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        13796                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu00.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu00.iew.iewSquashCycles              2731193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu00.iew.iewBlockCycles              14510436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewUnblockCycles            35034571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        1940441831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2831783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           363506846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           88002745                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             1607                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewIQFullEvents               613114                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            34172956                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        17321                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       884112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2347094                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu00.iew.branchMispredicts            3231206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecutedInsts          1904219533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           361939094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4178663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu00.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_refs                  448093922                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_branches               99703135                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_stores                 86154828                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu00.iew.exec_rate                   1.945125                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu00.iew.wb_sent                   1896586115                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu00.iew.wb_count                  1895823206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu00.iew.wb_producers              1425551844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_consumers              2282384801                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu00.iew.wb_rate                     1.936549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu00.iew.wb_fanout                   0.624589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      98413004                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            53                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu00.commit.branchMispredicts         2716156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    964860590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.909123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.804826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    508499568     52.70%     52.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    138148239     14.32%     67.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     44557437      4.62%     71.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62582805      6.49%     78.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     41177243      4.27%     82.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20798679      2.16%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11705846      1.21%     85.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11037839      1.14%     86.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    126352934     13.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    964860590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu00.commit.committedInsts         1207665125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.commit.committedOps           1842037316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu00.commit.refs                    432333461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu00.commit.loads                   347680907                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu00.commit.membars                        24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu00.commit.branches                 96348910                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu00.commit.fp_insts                803403263                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.int_insts              1214403260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu00.commit.function_calls            7507260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       170087      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      959970674     52.11%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            73      0.00%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             21      0.00%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    449563000     24.41%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     203888165     11.07%     87.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     52506221      2.85%     90.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    143792742      7.81%     98.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     32146333      1.75%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.op_class_0::total      1842037316                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu00.commit.bw_lim_events           126352934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu00.rob.rob_reads                 2778957976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu00.rob.rob_writes                3894765638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu00.timesIdled                           876                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu00.idleCycles                        257165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu00.committedInsts                1207665125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu00.committedOps                  1842037316                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu00.cpi                             0.810630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu00.cpi_total                       0.810630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu00.ipc                             1.233608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu00.ipc_total                       1.233608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_reads             1951549476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu00.int_regfile_writes             919748150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_reads              1355605370                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu00.fp_regfile_writes              768127601                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_reads               391260519                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu00.cc_regfile_writes              348000158                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu00.misc_regfile_reads             716289354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.replacements         4892824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         511.855799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         382994466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4893336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           78.268581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       392584689                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   511.855799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       790852040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      790852040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    297225082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     297225082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     82566261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     82566261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data    379791343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total      379791343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data    379791343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total     379791343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data     11101708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11101708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      2086301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2086301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data     13188009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     13188009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data     13188009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     13188009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data 194847930693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 194847930693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data  18787129064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18787129064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data 213635059757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 213635059757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data 213635059757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 213635059757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    308326790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    308326790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     84652562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     84652562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data    392979352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    392979352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data    392979352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    392979352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.036006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.033559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.033559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 17551.166964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17551.166964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data  9004.994516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9004.994516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 16199.189715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16199.189715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 16199.189715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16199.189715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       171870                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           41108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.180938                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4441693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         4441693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data      6272458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6272458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.data          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.data      6272755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6272755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.data      6272755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6272755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      4829250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4829250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      2086004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2086004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      6915254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6915254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      6915254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6915254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  94681205685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94681205685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  16007506136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16007506136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 110688711821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 110688711821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 110688711821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 110688711821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024642                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024642                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.017597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.017597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 19605.778472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19605.778472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  7673.765791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7673.765791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 16006.456425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16006.456425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 16006.456425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16006.456425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.replacements            1028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.670061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         153037248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs            1540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs        99374.836364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    147054184947                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   508.670061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.993496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       306079882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      306079882                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    153037248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     153037248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    153037248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      153037248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    153037248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     153037248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    239394366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239394366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    239394366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    239394366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    239394366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    239394366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    153039169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153039169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    153039169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    153039169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    153039169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    153039169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 124619.659552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124619.659552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 124619.659552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124619.659552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 124619.659552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124619.659552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          341                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   170.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total            1028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu00.inst          376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    198004464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198004464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    198004464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198004464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    198004464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198004464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 128158.229126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128158.229126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 128158.229126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128158.229126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 128158.229126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128158.229126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.l2.tags.replacements             2449207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.l2.tags.tagsinuse            4087.385535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.l2.tags.total_refs               9355613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.l2.tags.sampled_refs             2453303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.l2.tags.avg_refs                3.813476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.l2.tags.warmup_cycle          2546222562                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.134265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     5.634541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data  4079.616730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.001376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.996000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.997897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.l2.tags.tag_accesses            96948751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.l2.tags.data_accesses           96948751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4441693                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4441693                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         1025                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu00.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data      2020801                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total        2020801                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data        39852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total           39852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst          117                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          117                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      2404731                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2404731                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu00.l2.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.l2.demand_hits::cpu00.data       2444583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.l2.demand_hits::total            2444700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.l2.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.l2.overall_hits::cpu00.data      2444583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.l2.overall_hits::total           2444700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        25490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total         25490                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1423                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      2424517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2424517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2450007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_misses::total          2451430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2450007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_misses::total         2451430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2927582154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2927582154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    194907564                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    194907564                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data  75115037772                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  75115037772                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    194907564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data  78042619926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  78237527490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    194907564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data  78042619926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  78237527490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4441693                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4441693                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1025                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data      2020801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      2020801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data        65342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        65342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      4829248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4829248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.l2.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_accesses::cpu00.data      4894590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_accesses::total        4896130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst         1540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      4894590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_accesses::total       4896130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.390101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.390101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.924026                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.502049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.502049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.500554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.500687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.500554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.500687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 114852.183366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114852.183366                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 136969.475755                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136969.475755                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 30981.444045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30981.444045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 136969.475755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 31854.039570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31915.056718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 136969.475755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 31854.039570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31915.056718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.l2.writebacks::writebacks        2416247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.l2.writebacks::total             2416247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3011                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         3011                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data        25490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        25490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1423                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      2424517                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2424517                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      2450007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total      2451430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data      2450007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total      2451430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2825724114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2825724114                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    189225252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189225252                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  65426667840                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65426667840                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    189225252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  68252391954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  68441617206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    189225252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data  68252391954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  68441617206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu00.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.390101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.502049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.502049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.500554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.924026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.500554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 110856.183366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110856.183366                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 132976.283907                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132976.283907                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 26985.444045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26985.444045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 132976.283907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 27858.039570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27919.058348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 132976.283907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 27858.039570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27919.058348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11812042                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6915907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          129                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         5407                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5406                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp      4830792                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6857940                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       485345                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2020801                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2020801                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        65342                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        65342                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1545                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4829248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.cpu00.l2.cpu_side         4112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu00.l2.cpu_side     18724860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_count::total        18728972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.cpu00.l2.cpu_side       164288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu00.l2.cpu_side    597522112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.pkt_size::total        597686400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoops                   2449212                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoopTraffic           154640128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      9366143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean      0.000592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev     0.024322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0          9360602     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1             5540      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total      9366143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu00.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy   6892262172                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1543120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy   5562622143                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu00.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu01.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu01.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu01.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu01.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu01.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu01.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu01.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu01.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu01.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu01.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu01.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu01.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu01.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu01.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu01.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu01.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu01.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu01.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu01.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu01.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu01.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu01.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu01.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu01.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu01.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu01.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu01.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu01.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu01.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu01.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu01.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu01.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu01.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu01.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu01.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu01.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu01.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu01.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu01.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu01.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu01.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu01.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu01.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu01.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu01.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu02.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu02.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu02.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu02.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu02.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu02.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu02.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu02.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu02.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu02.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu02.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu02.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu02.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu02.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu02.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu02.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu02.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu02.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu02.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu02.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu02.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu02.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu02.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu02.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu02.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu02.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu02.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu02.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu02.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu02.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu02.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu02.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu02.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu02.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu02.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu02.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu02.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu02.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu02.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu02.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu02.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu02.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu02.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu02.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu03.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu03.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu03.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu03.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu03.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu03.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu03.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu03.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu03.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu03.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu03.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu03.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu03.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu03.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu03.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu03.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu03.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu03.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu03.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu03.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu03.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu03.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu03.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu03.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu03.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu03.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu03.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu03.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu03.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu03.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu03.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu03.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu03.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu03.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu03.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu03.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu03.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu03.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu03.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu03.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu03.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu03.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu03.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu03.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu04.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu04.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu04.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu04.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu04.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu04.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu04.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu04.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu04.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu04.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu04.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu04.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu04.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu04.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu04.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu04.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu04.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu04.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu04.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu04.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu04.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu04.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu04.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu04.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu04.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu04.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu04.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu04.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu04.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu04.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu04.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu04.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu04.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu04.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu04.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu04.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu04.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu04.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu04.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu04.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu04.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu04.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu04.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu04.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu05.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu05.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu05.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu05.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu05.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu05.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu05.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu05.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu05.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu05.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu05.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu05.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu05.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu05.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu05.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu05.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu05.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu05.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu05.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu05.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu05.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu05.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu05.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu05.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu05.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu05.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu05.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu05.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu05.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu05.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu05.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu05.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu05.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu05.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu05.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu05.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu05.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu05.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu05.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu05.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu05.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu05.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu05.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu05.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu06.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu06.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu06.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu06.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu06.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu06.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu06.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu06.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu06.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu06.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu06.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu06.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu06.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu06.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu06.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu06.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu06.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu06.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu06.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu06.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu06.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu06.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu06.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu06.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu06.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu06.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu06.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu06.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu06.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu06.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu06.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu06.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu06.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu06.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu06.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu06.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu06.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu06.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu06.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu06.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu06.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu06.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu06.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu06.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu07.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu07.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu07.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu07.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu07.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu07.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu07.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu07.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu07.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu07.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu07.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu07.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu07.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu07.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu07.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu07.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu07.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu07.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu07.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu07.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu07.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu07.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu07.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu07.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu07.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu07.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu07.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu07.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu07.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu07.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu07.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu07.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu07.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu07.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu07.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu07.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu07.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu07.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu07.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu07.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu07.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu07.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu07.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu07.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu08.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu08.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu08.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu08.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu08.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu08.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu08.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu08.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu08.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu08.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu08.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu08.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu08.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu08.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu08.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu08.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu08.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu08.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu08.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu08.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu08.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu08.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu08.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu08.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu08.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu08.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu08.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu08.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu08.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu08.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu08.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu08.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu08.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu08.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu08.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu08.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu08.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu08.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu08.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu08.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu08.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu08.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu08.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu08.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu09.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu09.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu09.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu09.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu09.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu09.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu09.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu09.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu09.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu09.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu09.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu09.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu09.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu09.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu09.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu09.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu09.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu09.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu09.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu09.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu09.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu09.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu09.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu09.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu09.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu09.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu09.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu09.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu09.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu09.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu09.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu09.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu09.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu09.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu09.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu09.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu09.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu09.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu09.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu09.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu09.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu09.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu09.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu09.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu10.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu10.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu10.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu10.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu10.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu10.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu10.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu10.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu10.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu10.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu10.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu10.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu10.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu10.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu10.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu10.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu10.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu10.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu10.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu10.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu10.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu10.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu10.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu10.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu10.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu10.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu10.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu10.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu10.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu10.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu10.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu10.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu10.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu10.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu10.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu10.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu10.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu10.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu10.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu10.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu10.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu10.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu11.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu11.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu11.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu11.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu11.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu11.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu11.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu11.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu11.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu11.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu11.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu11.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu11.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu11.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu11.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu11.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu11.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu11.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu11.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu11.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu11.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu11.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu11.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu11.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu11.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu11.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu11.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu11.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu11.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu11.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu11.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu11.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu11.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu11.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu11.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu11.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu11.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu11.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu11.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu11.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu11.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu11.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu12.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu12.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu12.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu12.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu12.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu12.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu12.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu12.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu12.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu12.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu12.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu12.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu12.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu12.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu12.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu12.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu12.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu12.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu12.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu12.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu12.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu12.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu12.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu12.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu12.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu12.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu12.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu12.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu12.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu12.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu12.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu12.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu12.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu12.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu12.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu12.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu12.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu12.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu12.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu12.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu12.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu12.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu12.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu12.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu13.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu13.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu13.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu13.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu13.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu13.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu13.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu13.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu13.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu13.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu13.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu13.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu13.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu13.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu13.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu13.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu13.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu13.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu13.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu13.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu13.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu13.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu13.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu13.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu13.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu13.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu13.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu13.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu13.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu13.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu13.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu13.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu13.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu13.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu13.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu13.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu13.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu13.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu13.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu13.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu13.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu13.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu13.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu13.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu14.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu14.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu14.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu14.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu14.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu14.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu14.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu14.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu14.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu14.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu14.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu14.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu14.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu14.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu14.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu14.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu14.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu14.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu14.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu14.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu14.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu14.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu14.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu14.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu14.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu14.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu14.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu14.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu14.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu14.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu14.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu14.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu14.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu14.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu14.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu14.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu14.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu14.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu14.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu14.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu14.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu14.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu14.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu14.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.branchPred.lookups                     0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.condPredicted               0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu15.branchPred.condIncorrect               0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBLookups                  0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHits                     0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBCorrect                  0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu15.branchPred.BTBHitPct                 nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu15.branchPred.usedRAS                     0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu15.branchPred.RASInCorrect                0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu15.branchPred.indirectLookups             0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu15.branchPred.indirectHits                0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu15.branchPred.indirectMisses              0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu15.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.apic_clk_domain.clock               5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::samples                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::mean                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::stdev                nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::underflows             0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::0                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::1                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::2                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::3                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::4                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::5                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::6                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::7                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::8                      0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::overflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::min_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::max_value              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.rateDist::total                  0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu15.fetch.idleRate                       nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu15.fetch.branchRate                     nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.fetch.rate                           nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu15.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu15.rename.serializingInsts                0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu15.rename.skidInsts                       0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedLoads                  0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.insertedStores                 0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingLoads               0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu15.memDep0.conflictingStores              0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev           nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total             0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.FU_type_0::total                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu15.iq.rate                              nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu15.iq.fu_busy_rate                      nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes               0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu15.iq.int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu15.iew.iewIdleCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu15.iew.iewSquashCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu15.iew.iewBlockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                 0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu15.iew.branchMispredicts                  0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecutedInsts                   0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                   0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu15.iew.exec_swp                           0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_nop                           0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_refs                          0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_branches                      0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_stores                        0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu15.iew.exec_rate                        nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu15.iew.wb_sent                            0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu15.iew.wb_count                           0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu15.iew.wb_producers                       0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_consumers                       0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu15.iew.wb_rate                          nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu15.iew.wb_fanout                        nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu15.commit.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.commit.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.commit.swp_count                       0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu15.commit.refs                            0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu15.commit.loads                           0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu15.commit.membars                         0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu15.commit.branches                        0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu15.commit.fp_insts                        0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.int_insts                       0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu15.commit.function_calls                  0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemRead             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.op_class_0::total               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu15.commit.bw_lim_events                   0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu15.rob.rob_reads                          0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu15.rob.rob_writes                         0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu15.cpi                                  nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu15.cpi_total                            nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu15.ipc                                  nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu15.ipc_total                            nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.replacements               0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.l2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.l2.tags.tagsinuse                      0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.l2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.l2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.l2.tags.data_accesses                  0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu15.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoops                         0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean           nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu15.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 21935.010176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     4873418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     26437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                    184.340810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst     1190.030446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    20744.979730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst       0.009079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data       0.158272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.167351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         26437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        22264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.201698                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  78424117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 78424117                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2416247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2416247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data              672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.inst           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      2424249                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2424320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu00.inst                  71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu00.data             2424921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  2424992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu00.inst                 71                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu00.data            2424921                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 2424992                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data          24818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               24818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.inst         1351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data          268                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu00.inst              1351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu00.data             25086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  26437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu00.inst             1351                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu00.data            25086                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 26437                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2691865440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2691865440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    181010808                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu00.data     35838459                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    216849267                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    181010808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2727703899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       2908714707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    181010808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2727703899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      2908714707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2416247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2416247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data        25490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             25490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.inst         1422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      2424517                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2425939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst            1422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu00.data         2450007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              2451429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst           1422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu00.data        2450007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             2451429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.973637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.973637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.950070                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst       0.950070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data       0.010239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.950070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.010239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 108464.237247                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108464.237247                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 133982.833457                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 133725.593284                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133940.251390                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 133982.833457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 108734.110619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110024.386542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 133982.833457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu00.data 108734.110619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110024.386542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data        24818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          24818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1351                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu00.data          268                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu00.data        25086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             26437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.inst         1351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu00.data        25086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            26437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2142285134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2142285134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    151098850                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data     29904589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181003439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    151098850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2172189723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2323288573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst    151098850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data   2172189723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2323288573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.973637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.950070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.950070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.010239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.950070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.010239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 86319.813603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86319.813603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 111842.227979                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 111584.287313                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111799.529957                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 111842.227979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 86589.720282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87880.189621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.inst 111842.227979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu00.data 86589.720282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87880.189621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         26437                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        52874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1691968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      1691968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1691968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   26437    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer32.occupancy           41102057                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer32.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          139469417                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4899855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2448426                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 325997029647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2425939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2416247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           32179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            25490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2425939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu00.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      7351284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               7351284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu00.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    311531264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              311531264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2451429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                2451429    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            2451429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2436261966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1632651714                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
